WRP-6648:DayPicker: fix TypeError when passing prop 'selected' as a number type (#1389)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact sandstone module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Fixed

> - `sandstone/DaySelectorDecorator` to handle `number` type properly for prop `selected`,

Reviewer: Since `DaySelectorDecorator` is a private component, we don't use this in the change log. Instead, we could use `sandstone/DayPicker`.

```suggestion
- `sandstone/DayPicker` to handle number typed `selected` prop properly in es-ES locale
```

Author: I've fixed it and pushed a fix-up patch.
